                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        | Internet |



                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                            |  HOW DOES THE INTERNET WORK?  |

Questions to be answered:
    1. What is internet?
        The internet is a wire. A simple wire buried in the ground. It might be fiber optics, 
        copper, or maybe beam to satellites or through cell-phone networks.
        Is very useful because 2 computers connected directly to this wire can communicate. 
        A server is a special computer connected directly to the internet 
        and webpages are files on that server's hardrive.

        Every server has an unique internet protocol address(IP address). Just like the
        postal address of our houses. It helps computers find each other.
        e.g. 
        google.com = 72.14.205.100
        It's weird to search for an IP instead of a name, so we give 'em names🙌

        Your computer a home is not a server because is not connected directly to the internet
        Our computers at home are called clients, because they are connected indirectly
        to the internet through an internet service provider(ISP)
    2. How does the information move on the internet?
        Whenever an email, picture or web page travels across the internet, computers break
        the information into smaller pieces called packets. When information reaches its 
        destination, the packets are reassembled in their original order to make a picture,
        email, web page or tweet.

    3. How do the networks talk to each other and the protocols involved?

    4. What's the relationship between packets, routers, and reliability?

    5. HTTP and the HTML – How are you viewing this webpage in your browser?

    6. How is the information transfer on the internet made secure?

    7. What is cybersecurity and what are some common internet crimes?




